content/about.md, before:

---
title: "About The Author"
description: "this is meta-description"
image: "images/author.png"
layout: "about"
draft: false

# education
education:
  enable: true
  title: "Formal Education"
  education_list:
  - name: "Southeast University"
    content: "1985 • 1991 • gravida nibh velvelit auctor alimo quet menean solli"
  - name: "Northeast University"
    content: "1985 • 1991 • gravida nibh velvelit auctor alimo quet menean solli"
  - name: "Easteast University"
    content: "1985 • 1991 • gravida nibh velvelit auctor alimo quet menean solli"
  - name: "Southeast University"
    content: "1985 • 1991 • gravida nibh velvelit auctor alimo quet menean solli"

# experience
experience:
  enable: true
  title: "Work Experience"
  experience_list:
  - "Best Writer Award"
  - "Best New Newel"
  - "Best Book"
  - "Best Article"
  - "Best New Newel"
  - "Best New Newel"
  - "Best Book"
  - "Best Article"
  - "Best New Newel"
  - "Best Book"

---

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Morbi amet, ultrices scelerisue cras. Tincidunt hendrerit egestas venenatis risus sit nunc. Est esglit non in ipsum lect;aaus adipiscing et enim porttitor. Dui ultrices et volud eetpat nunc, turpis rutrum elit vestibululm ipsum. Arcu fringilla duis vitae mos dsdllis duicras interdum purus cursus massa metus. Acc umsan felaais, egsdvet nisi, viverra turpis fermentum sit suspf bafedfb ndisse fermentum consectetur. Facilisis feugiat trisique orci tempor sed masd fbsssa tristique ultrices sodales. Augue est sapien elementum facilisis. Enim tincidnt cras interdum purus  ndisse.  morbi quis nunc.


Et dolor placerat tempus risus nunc urna, nunc a. Mattis viverra ut sapidaaen enim sed tortor. Mattis gravida fusce cras interdum purus cursus massa metus. Acc umsan felaais, eget nisi, viverra turpis fermentum sit suspf bafedfb ndisse.  morbi quis nunc, at arcu quam facilisi. In in lacus aliquam dictum sagittis morbi odio. Et magnis cursus sem sed condimentum. Nibh non potenti ac amsdfet Tincidunt hendrerit egestas venenatis risus sit nunc. Est esglit non in ipsuasdm lect;aaus adipiscing et enim porttitor. Dui ultrices et volud eetpat nunc, turpis  ndisse.  morbi quis nunc, at arcu quam facilisi  ndisse.  morbi quis nunc, at arcu quam facilisi

Commit message:

added menu options and changed some content

content/about.md, after:

---
title: "About The Author"
description: "this is meta-description"
image: "images/author.png"
layout: "about"
draft: false

# education
education:
  enable: false
  title: "Formal Education"
  education_list:
  - name: "Southeast University"
    content: "1985 • 1991 • gravida nibh velvelit auctor alimo quet menean solli"
  - name: "Northeast University"
    content: "1985 • 1991 • gravida nibh velvelit auctor alimo quet menean solli"
  - name: "Easteast University"
    content: "1985 • 1991 • gravida nibh velvelit auctor alimo quet menean solli"
  - name: "Southeast University"
    content: "1985 • 1991 • gravida nibh velvelit auctor alimo quet menean solli"

# experience
experience:
  enable: true
  title: "Work Experience"
  experience_list:
  - "Senior Android Developer at Adevinta Spain"
  - "Android Developer at Schibsted Spain"
  - "Game Developer at Retrowax Games"
  - "Integration Engineer at Electronic Arts"

---

#### Hi! I’m Ferran Pons and I'm specialized in Kotlin Multiplatform


Senior Android Developer working for some of the most popular brands in Spain. With almost 20 years of experience as a programmer, my experience covers a lot of different kinds of applications, from web app development to desktop, mobile apps, and videogames. I’ve worked two years at Electronic Arts as an Integration Engineer, participating in some blockbuster games such as Burnout Paradise, DeadSpace, and the Skate franchise. Also, I started up my own indie videogame studio, labeled “Retrowax Games” with which I’ve made a game called Zombusters that was published for the Xbox360, Windows Phone, and PC (Steam, Itch.io).

[https://multiplatformkickstarter.com](https://multiplatformkickstarter.com)
[https://www.ferranpons.com](https://www.ferranpons.com)
